README.md, before:

# 🚀 Cosmic Voyage

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white" alt="Vite">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GSAP-88CE02?style=for-the-badge&logo=greensock&logoColor=white" alt="GSAP">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage" alt="License">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage" alt="Stars">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage" alt="Last Commit">
</p>

---

> **🌌 An immersive, interactive journey through our solar system and beyond.**

Cosmic Voyage is a stunning, space-themed interactive website that brings the wonders of the universe to your screen. Featuring real-time canvas animations, an interactive solar system explorer, and mesmerizing visual effects, this project showcases modern web development at its finest.

<p align="center">
  <a href="#live-demo">🌐 Live Demo</a> •
  <a href="#features">✨ Features</a> •
  <a href="#screenshots">📸 Screenshots</a> •
  <a href="#installation">⚙️ Installation</a> •
  <a href="#roadmap">🗺️ Roadmap</a> •
  <a href="#contributing">🤝 Contributing</a>
</p>

---

## 🎬 Preview

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  ✨✨    🌟        ✨           🌙         ✨            ⭐      │
│      ✨         ⭐          ✨           🌟               ✨      │
│  🚀 Cosmic Voyage                                              │
│                                                                │
│    ┌────────────────────────────────────┐                     │
│    │  Explore the                       │       🪐            │
│    │  ██████  ██████                    │    ╱    ╲          │
│    │                                    │   ╱  💍   ╲         │
│    │  [Start Exploring] [Learn More]    │  ●──────────●        │
│    └────────────────────────────────────┘                     │
│                                                                │
│        Scroll to explore ↓                                     │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

Experience the cosmos right now:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage.git

# Navigate to the project
cd cosmic-voyage

# Open in browser
open index.html
```

Or visit: **Coming Soon** 🚀

---

## ✨ Features

### 🌌 Visual Experience
- **Dynamic Starfield** - Canvas-based starfield with thousands of twinkling stars
- **Parallax Effects** - Multi-layer depth effects responding to mouse movement
- **Shooting Stars** - Random and click-triggered shooting star animations
- **Nebula Gradients** - Subtle cosmic cloud backgrounds with rich colors
- **Smooth Animations** - 60fps animations powered by `requestAnimationFrame`

### 🛰️ NASA API Integration (NEW!)
- **Astronomy Picture of the Day** - Daily cosmic imagery with descriptions
- **Mars Rover Photos** - Latest images from Curiosity and Perseverance rovers
- **Live Space Data** - Current astronauts in space, ISS stats
- **Smart Caching** - LocalStorage caching to respect API rate limits
- **Graceful Degradation** - Fallback content when API is unavailable

### 🪐 Interactive Solar System
- **Orbiting Planets** - All 8 planets with accurate orbital speeds (scaled)
- **Planet Information** - Detailed stats including temperature, moons, and facts
- **Hover Tooltips** - Quick facts on hover with smooth transitions
- **Click Interactions** - Expandable info panel with comprehensive planet data
- **Saturn's Rings** - Unique ring system rendering

### 📱 Responsive Design
- **Mobile-First** - Optimized for all screen sizes
- **Touch-Friendly** - Full touch support for mobile devices
- **Adaptive Layouts** - CSS Grid and Flexbox for flexible layouts
- **Performance Optimized** - Hardware acceleration and efficient rendering

### 🎮 Easter Eggs
- **Konami Code** - Try the classic ↑↑↓↓←→←→BA for a surprise! 🌈
- **Click Anywhere** - Click on the starfield to create shooting stars

---

## 🛰️ NASA API Setup

Cosmic Voyage integrates with NASA's public APIs to display real space data. 

### Getting an API Key

1. Visit [NASA API Portal](https://api.nasa.gov) 
2. Sign up for a free API key
3. Replace `DEMO_KEY` in `src/js/nasa-api.js` with your key:

```javascript
// In src/js/nasa-api.js
this.apiKey = 'YOUR_API_KEY_HERE'; // Replace DEMO_KEY
```

### API Features

| Feature | Endpoint | Cache Duration |
|---------|----------|----------------|
| APOD | `/planetary/apod` | 1 hour |
| Mars Rover | `/mars-photos/api/v1/rovers/{rover}/photos` | 30 minutes |
| EPIC | `/EPIC/api/natural/images` | 2 hours |

### Rate Limits

- **DEMO_KEY**: 30 requests/hour, 50 requests/day
- **Registered Key**: 1,000 requests/hour

The app includes intelligent caching via localStorage to minimize API calls.

---

## 📸 Screenshots

> 📝 *Real screenshots coming soon! Below are design mockups of the planned visual layout.*

### Hero Section
```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  🚀 Cosmic Voyage                                           │
│                                                             │
│     Explore the          🪐                                 │
│     ██████               ╱╲                                │
│     ██████              ╱  ╲                               │
│     ██████         ╭───╯    ╰───╮                          │
│                    │   RINGS   │                          │
│     [Start] [More] ╰───────────╯                          │
│                                                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Solar System Explorer
```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Solar System Explorer                    │
│                                                             │
│                        🔥 Sun                               │
│                    ╱             ╲                         │
│              ●────╱───────────────╲────●                   │
│            Mercury    ●────●      Earth                    │
│                      Venus  Mars                            │
│                                                             │
│     ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐        │
│     │  🌍 Earth                                   │        │
│     │  Temperature: 15°C avg                     │        │
│     │  Distance: 149.6 million km from Sun       │        │
│     │  Moons: 1                                  │        │
│     └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘        │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Space Facts Grid
```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                 Mind-Blowing Space Facts                    │
│                                                             │
│  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐            │
│  │  ☀️       │  │  🌌       │  │  🕳️       │            │
│  │ 1 Million  │  │ Infinite   │  │ Black Hole │            │
│  │ Earths     │  │ Stars      │  │ Giants     │            │
│  └────────────┘  └────────────┘  └────────────┘            │
│                                                             │
│  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐            │
│  │  🌙       │  │  ⚡       │  │  👁️       │            │
│  │ Moon       │  │ Neutron    │  │ Cosmic     │            │
│  │ Drift      │  │ Stars      │  │ Light      │            │
│  └────────────┘  └────────────┘  └────────────┘            │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

| Category | Technology | Purpose |
|----------|------------|---------|
| **Core** | HTML5 | Semantic markup, accessibility |
| **Styling** | CSS3 | Modern layouts, animations, variables |
| **Logic** | Vanilla JavaScript | ES6+ classes, modular architecture |
| **Build Tool** | Vite | Fast development server, optimized builds |
| **Animation** | GSAP | Smooth scroll-triggered animations |
| **Canvas** | HTML5 Canvas API | Starfield and particle effects |
| **Fonts** | Google Fonts | Orbitron & Exo 2 space-themed typography |
| **Linting** | ESLint | Code quality and consistency |
| **Formatting** | Prettier | Code formatting |

### Browser APIs Used
- **Canvas 2D Context** - Starfield rendering
- **Intersection Observer** - Scroll-triggered animations
- **requestAnimationFrame** - Smooth 60fps animations
- **CSS Custom Properties** - Theming and dynamic values
- **CSS Animations** - UI transitions and effects

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                      Cosmic Voyage                          │
│                      Architecture                           │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                             │
│  ┌─────────────┐  ┌─────────────┐  ┌─────────────┐         │
│  │   Starfield │  │   Parallax  │  │    Scroll   │         │
│  │   Animation │  │   Effects   │  │  Animations │         │
│  └──────┬──────┘  └──────┬──────┘  └──────┬──────┘         │
│         │                │                │                │
│         └────────────────┼────────────────┘                │
│                          │                                 │
│                   ┌──────┴──────┐                         │
│                   │ CosmicVoyage │                         │
│                   │   (Main App)  │                         │
│                   └──────┬──────┘                         │
│                          │                                 │
│         ┌────────────────┼────────────────┐                │
│         │                │                │                │
│  ┌──────┴──────┐  ┌──────┴──────┐  ┌──────┴──────┐        │
│  │   Navbar    │  │   Planets   │  │  Newsletter │        │
│  │   Effect    │  │Interaction  │  │    Form     │        │
│  └─────────────┘  └─────────────┘  └─────────────┘        │
│                                                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Code Organization
```
cosmic-voyage/
├── 📄 index.html              # Main HTML entry point
├── 📁 src/
│   ├── 📁 js/
│   │   └── 📄 space.js        # Core JavaScript modules
│   └── 📁 css/
│       └── 📄 styles.css      # All styles and animations
├── 📁 public/                 # Static assets
├── 📄 vite.config.js          # Vite configuration
├── 📄 package.json            # Dependencies & scripts
├── 📄 eslint.config.js        # Linting rules
└── 📄 .prettierrc             # Formatting config
```

---

## ⚙️ Installation

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd cosmic-voyage

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser
```

### Available Scripts

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `npm run dev` | Start development server (port 3000) |
| `npm run build` | Build for production |
| `npm run preview` | Preview production build (port 4000) |
| `npm run lint` | Run ESLint |
| `npm run lint:fix` | Fix ESLint issues |
| `npm run format` | Format code with Prettier |
| `npm run format:check` | Check formatting |

---

## 🗺️ Roadmap

See [ROADMAP.md](./ROADMAP.md) for detailed future plans.

### Upcoming Features
- 🌟 **Deep Space Explorer** - Zoom out to see nearby stars
- 🌙 **Moon Phases** - Interactive lunar cycle visualization
- 🚀 **Space Missions Timeline** - Historical and upcoming missions
- 🌠 **Meteor Shower Tracker** - Real-time celestial events
- 🎮 **Mini Games** - Space-themed interactive games
- 📱 **PWA Support** - Install as a mobile app
- 🌐 **Multilingual** - i18n support for multiple languages

---

## 📊 Performance

- **Lighthouse Score**: 95+ (Performance, Accessibility, Best Practices, SEO)
- **Bundle Size**: < 100KB (gzipped)
- **First Contentful Paint**: < 1.5s
- **Time to Interactive**: < 3s

### Optimization Techniques
- ✅ Canvas rendering with `requestAnimationFrame`
- ✅ CSS transforms for GPU acceleration
- ✅ Lazy loading for below-fold content
- ✅ Minified assets and tree-shaking
- ✅ Efficient event delegation

---

## 🌈 Color Palette

| Color Name | Hex | RGB | Usage |
|------------|-----|-----|-------|
| Deep Space | `#050508` | `rgb(5, 5, 8)` | Primary background |
| Cosmic Black | `#0a0a0f` | `rgb(10, 10, 15)` | Secondary background |
| Nebula Purple | `#1a0b2e` | `rgb(26, 11, 46)` | Gradients |
| Accent Cyan | `#00d4ff` | `rgb(0, 212, 255)` | Links, highlights |
| Accent Purple | `#9d4edd` | `rgb(157, 78, 221)` | Gradients, accents |
| Planet Orange | `#ff6b35` | `rgb(255, 107, 53)` | CTAs, warm accents |

---

## 📝 Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) for version history.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

### Quick Start for Contributors

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **Fonts**: [Orbitron](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Orbitron) & [Exo 2](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Exo+2) from Google Fonts
- **Icons**: Emoji icons and custom SVG icons
- **Inspiration**: The infinite wonders of our universe
- **Built with**: 💫 and stardust

---

## 🔗 Connect

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage">⭐ Star on GitHub</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage/issues">🐛 Report Bug</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage/issues">✨ Request Feature</a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  Made with ❤️ by a fellow space enthusiast
</p>
<p align="center">
  🌙 ⭐ 🪐 🚀 🌌
</p>

Commit message:

Add keyboard shortcuts for main page navigation

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Cosmic Voyage

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML5">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="CSS3">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="JavaScript">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white" alt="Vite">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GSAP-88CE02?style=for-the-badge&logo=greensock&logoColor=white" alt="GSAP">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage" alt="License">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage" alt="Stars">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage" alt="Last Commit">
</p>

---

> **🌌 An immersive, interactive journey through our solar system and beyond.**

Cosmic Voyage is a stunning, space-themed interactive website that brings the wonders of the universe to your screen. Featuring real-time canvas animations, an interactive solar system explorer, and mesmerizing visual effects, this project showcases modern web development at its finest.

<p align="center">
  <a href="#live-demo">🌐 Live Demo</a> •
  <a href="#features">✨ Features</a> •
  <a href="#screenshots">📸 Screenshots</a> •
  <a href="#installation">⚙️ Installation</a> •
  <a href="#roadmap">🗺️ Roadmap</a> •
  <a href="#contributing">🤝 Contributing</a>
</p>

---

## 🎬 Preview

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  ✨✨    🌟        ✨           🌙         ✨            ⭐      │
│      ✨         ⭐          ✨           🌟               ✨      │
│  🚀 Cosmic Voyage                                              │
│                                                                │
│    ┌────────────────────────────────────┐                     │
│    │  Explore the                       │       🪐            │
│    │  ██████  ██████                    │    ╱    ╲          │
│    │                                    │   ╱  💍   ╲         │
│    │  [Start Exploring] [Learn More]    │  ●──────────●        │
│    └────────────────────────────────────┘                     │
│                                                                │
│        Scroll to explore ↓                                     │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

Experience the cosmos right now:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage.git

# Navigate to the project
cd cosmic-voyage

# Open in browser
open index.html
```

Or visit: **Coming Soon** 🚀

---

## ✨ Features

### 🌌 Visual Experience
- **Dynamic Starfield** - Canvas-based starfield with thousands of twinkling stars
- **Parallax Effects** - Multi-layer depth effects responding to mouse movement
- **Shooting Stars** - Random and click-triggered shooting star animations
- **Nebula Gradients** - Subtle cosmic cloud backgrounds with rich colors
- **Smooth Animations** - 60fps animations powered by `requestAnimationFrame`

### 🛰️ NASA API Integration (NEW!)
- **Astronomy Picture of the Day** - Daily cosmic imagery with descriptions
- **Mars Rover Photos** - Latest images from Curiosity and Perseverance rovers
- **Live Space Data** - Current astronauts in space, ISS stats
- **Smart Caching** - LocalStorage caching to respect API rate limits
- **Graceful Degradation** - Fallback content when API is unavailable

### 🪐 Interactive Solar System
- **Orbiting Planets** - All 8 planets with accurate orbital speeds (scaled)
- **Planet Information** - Detailed stats including temperature, moons, and facts
- **Hover Tooltips** - Quick facts on hover with smooth transitions
- **Click Interactions** - Expandable info panel with comprehensive planet data
- **Saturn's Rings** - Unique ring system rendering

### 📱 Responsive Design
- **Mobile-First** - Optimized for all screen sizes
- **Touch-Friendly** - Full touch support for mobile devices
- **Adaptive Layouts** - CSS Grid and Flexbox for flexible layouts
- **Performance Optimized** - Hardware acceleration and efficient rendering

### ⌨️ Power User Features
- **Keyboard Shortcuts** - GitHub-inspired navigation with `?` for help, `G`+letter for sections, `/` for search
- **Quick Navigation** - Jump to any section with `G` key sequences (GH, GS, GF, etc.)
- **Theme Toggle** - Press `T` to instantly switch between dark and light themes

### 🎮 Easter Eggs
- **Konami Code** - Try the classic ↑↑↓↓←→←→BA for a surprise! 🌈
- **Click Anywhere** - Click on the starfield to create shooting stars

### ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts
Navigate like a pro with GitHub-inspired keyboard shortcuts:

| Shortcut | Action |
|----------|--------|
| `?` | Show/hide keyboard shortcuts help |
| `Esc` | Close modals and help |
| `G` `H` | Go to Home section |
| `G` `S` | Go to Solar System |
| `G` `M` | Go to Mission Control |
| `G` `A` | Go to NASA APOD |
| `G` `R` | Go to Mars Rover |
| `G` `G` | Go to Gallery |
| `G` `F` | Go to Space Facts |
| `G` `C` | Go to Contact |
| `G` `3` | Open 3D Explorer |
| `/` | Focus Space Facts search |
| `T` | Toggle dark/light theme |

> 💡 Press `?` anytime to see all available shortcuts!

---

## 🛰️ NASA API Setup

Cosmic Voyage integrates with NASA's public APIs to display real space data. 

### Getting an API Key

1. Visit [NASA API Portal](https://api.nasa.gov) 
2. Sign up for a free API key
3. Replace `DEMO_KEY` in `src/js/nasa-api.js` with your key:

```javascript
// In src/js/nasa-api.js
this.apiKey = 'YOUR_API_KEY_HERE'; // Replace DEMO_KEY
```

### API Features

| Feature | Endpoint | Cache Duration |
|---------|----------|----------------|
| APOD | `/planetary/apod` | 1 hour |
| Mars Rover | `/mars-photos/api/v1/rovers/{rover}/photos` | 30 minutes |
| EPIC | `/EPIC/api/natural/images` | 2 hours |

### Rate Limits

- **DEMO_KEY**: 30 requests/hour, 50 requests/day
- **Registered Key**: 1,000 requests/hour

The app includes intelligent caching via localStorage to minimize API calls.

---

## 📸 Screenshots

> 📝 *Real screenshots coming soon! Below are design mockups of the planned visual layout.*

### Hero Section
```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  🚀 Cosmic Voyage                                           │
│                                                             │
│     Explore the          🪐                                 │
│     ██████               ╱╲                                │
│     ██████              ╱  ╲                               │
│     ██████         ╭───╯    ╰───╮                          │
│                    │   RINGS   │                          │
│     [Start] [More] ╰───────────╯                          │
│                                                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Solar System Explorer
```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Solar System Explorer                    │
│                                                             │
│                        🔥 Sun                               │
│                    ╱             ╲                         │
│              ●────╱───────────────╲────●                   │
│            Mercury    ●────●      Earth                    │
│                      Venus  Mars                            │
│                                                             │
│     ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐        │
│     │  🌍 Earth                                   │        │
│     │  Temperature: 15°C avg                     │        │
│     │  Distance: 149.6 million km from Sun       │        │
│     │  Moons: 1                                  │        │
│     └─────────────────────────────────────────────┘        │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Space Facts Grid
```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                 Mind-Blowing Space Facts                    │
│                                                             │
│  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐            │
│  │  ☀️       │  │  🌌       │  │  🕳️       │            │
│  │ 1 Million  │  │ Infinite   │  │ Black Hole │            │
│  │ Earths     │  │ Stars      │  │ Giants     │            │
│  └────────────┘  └────────────┘  └────────────┘            │
│                                                             │
│  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐  ┌────────────┐            │
│  │  🌙       │  │  ⚡       │  │  👁️       │            │
│  │ Moon       │  │ Neutron    │  │ Cosmic     │            │
│  │ Drift      │  │ Stars      │  │ Light      │            │
│  └────────────┘  └────────────┘  └────────────┘            │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

| Category | Technology | Purpose |
|----------|------------|---------|
| **Core** | HTML5 | Semantic markup, accessibility |
| **Styling** | CSS3 | Modern layouts, animations, variables |
| **Logic** | Vanilla JavaScript | ES6+ classes, modular architecture |
| **Build Tool** | Vite | Fast development server, optimized builds |
| **Animation** | GSAP | Smooth scroll-triggered animations |
| **Canvas** | HTML5 Canvas API | Starfield and particle effects |
| **Fonts** | Google Fonts | Orbitron & Exo 2 space-themed typography |
| **Linting** | ESLint | Code quality and consistency |
| **Formatting** | Prettier | Code formatting |

### Browser APIs Used
- **Canvas 2D Context** - Starfield rendering
- **Intersection Observer** - Scroll-triggered animations
- **requestAnimationFrame** - Smooth 60fps animations
- **CSS Custom Properties** - Theming and dynamic values
- **CSS Animations** - UI transitions and effects

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                      Cosmic Voyage                          │
│                      Architecture                           │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                             │
│  ┌─────────────┐  ┌─────────────┐  ┌─────────────┐         │
│  │   Starfield │  │   Parallax  │  │    Scroll   │         │
│  │   Animation │  │   Effects   │  │  Animations │         │
│  └──────┬──────┘  └──────┬──────┘  └──────┬──────┘         │
│         │                │                │                │
│         └────────────────┼────────────────┘                │
│                          │                                 │
│                   ┌──────┴──────┐                         │
│                   │ CosmicVoyage │                         │
│                   │   (Main App)  │                         │
│                   └──────┬──────┘                         │
│                          │                                 │
│         ┌────────────────┼────────────────┐                │
│         │                │                │                │
│  ┌──────┴──────┐  ┌──────┴──────┐  ┌──────┴──────┐        │
│  │   Navbar    │  │   Planets   │  │  Newsletter │        │
│  │   Effect    │  │Interaction  │  │    Form     │        │
│  └─────────────┘  └─────────────┘  └─────────────┘        │
│                                                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Code Organization
```
cosmic-voyage/
├── 📄 index.html              # Main HTML entry point
├── 📁 src/
│   ├── 📁 js/
│   │   └── 📄 space.js        # Core JavaScript modules
│   └── 📁 css/
│       └── 📄 styles.css      # All styles and animations
├── 📁 public/                 # Static assets
├── 📄 vite.config.js          # Vite configuration
├── 📄 package.json            # Dependencies & scripts
├── 📄 eslint.config.js        # Linting rules
└── 📄 .prettierrc             # Formatting config
```

---

## ⚙️ Installation

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd cosmic-voyage

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser
```

### Available Scripts

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `npm run dev` | Start development server (port 3000) |
| `npm run build` | Build for production |
| `npm run preview` | Preview production build (port 4000) |
| `npm run lint` | Run ESLint |
| `npm run lint:fix` | Fix ESLint issues |
| `npm run format` | Format code with Prettier |
| `npm run format:check` | Check formatting |

---

## 🗺️ Roadmap

See [ROADMAP.md](./ROADMAP.md) for detailed future plans.

### Upcoming Features
- 🌟 **Deep Space Explorer** - Zoom out to see nearby stars
- 🌙 **Moon Phases** - Interactive lunar cycle visualization
- 🚀 **Space Missions Timeline** - Historical and upcoming missions
- 🌠 **Meteor Shower Tracker** - Real-time celestial events
- 🎮 **Mini Games** - Space-themed interactive games
- 📱 **PWA Support** - Install as a mobile app
- 🌐 **Multilingual** - i18n support for multiple languages

---

## 📊 Performance

- **Lighthouse Score**: 95+ (Performance, Accessibility, Best Practices, SEO)
- **Bundle Size**: < 100KB (gzipped)
- **First Contentful Paint**: < 1.5s
- **Time to Interactive**: < 3s

### Optimization Techniques
- ✅ Canvas rendering with `requestAnimationFrame`
- ✅ CSS transforms for GPU acceleration
- ✅ Lazy loading for below-fold content
- ✅ Minified assets and tree-shaking
- ✅ Efficient event delegation

---

## 🌈 Color Palette

| Color Name | Hex | RGB | Usage |
|------------|-----|-----|-------|
| Deep Space | `#050508` | `rgb(5, 5, 8)` | Primary background |
| Cosmic Black | `#0a0a0f` | `rgb(10, 10, 15)` | Secondary background |
| Nebula Purple | `#1a0b2e` | `rgb(26, 11, 46)` | Gradients |
| Accent Cyan | `#00d4ff` | `rgb(0, 212, 255)` | Links, highlights |
| Accent Purple | `#9d4edd` | `rgb(157, 78, 221)` | Gradients, accents |
| Planet Orange | `#ff6b35` | `rgb(255, 107, 53)` | CTAs, warm accents |

---

## 📝 Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md) for version history.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

### Quick Start for Contributors

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **Fonts**: [Orbitron](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Orbitron) & [Exo 2](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Exo+2) from Google Fonts
- **Icons**: Emoji icons and custom SVG icons
- **Inspiration**: The infinite wonders of our universe
- **Built with**: 💫 and stardust

---

## 🔗 Connect

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage">⭐ Star on GitHub</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage/issues">🐛 Report Bug</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/clawson1717/cosmic-voyage/issues">✨ Request Feature</a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  Made with ❤️ by a fellow space enthusiast
</p>
<p align="center">
  🌙 ⭐ 🪐 🚀 🌌
</p>
